Update version and CHANGELOG for v1.7.0 (#110)
buildkite/buildkite-agent-scaler: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v1.7.0](https://github.com/buildkite/buildkite-agent-scaler/tree/v1.7.0) (2023-10-13)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/buildkite/buildkite-agent-scaler/compare/v1.6.0...v1.7.0)

### Changed

> - AWS Lambda end of support for the Go 1.x runtime [#108](https://github.com/buildkite/buildkite-agent-scaler/pull/108) (@HugeIRL)

Reviewer: maybe something like 
```suggestion
- Updated lambda runtime to `provided.al2` in light of end of support for the Go 1.x runtime [#108](https://github.com/buildkite/buildkite-agent-scaler/pull/108) (@HugeIRL)
```

Reviewer: (highlighting that we've fixed it, basically)
